Hahaha
Ah!
How is that possible?
A month ago, you were a fool next door to me
Don't kill me!
We are brothers whose blood is thicker than water.
You forgot that I took care of you when you were a child
Hmph, if you don't tell me, I'll forget
I can't say it well, what's wrong?
Thunder Cloud Sect Army Attacks
The old man was suppressed
Our Tianzong suffered heavy losses.
I want a group of local chickens to wipe out Pingzong
Don't hesitate to do it yourself
The beast Tianzong heaven and earth are still alive
How dare you be so presumptuous
Uh-huh.
Great Elder, do you think Tianzong is still the same person who used to be
A sect that dominates nine heavens and ten lands?
Hmph, I advise you to surrender obediently
I can spare your life
Don't even think about it.
It was originally read on the friendship of the same family
I still want to save your life
Since you are courting death first
Then I will fulfill you
heaven and earth
I'm sorry.
God is in my hands again, go to hell
Tianzong Holy Land launched
You wait for Xiao Xiaofeng